README.md, before:

## Batch Projects 
**💡 All of my small Batch Projects can be found here and each one of them has its own instraction manual**
- 🔑 All Projects are open source so you can watch the source and trust the software.

### 📚 Project Status:

|🎦 Project | Latest | Maintained | BETA | Stable Leveling | Stable Description |
|--|--|--|--|--|--|
| [GTA 5 Tools](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/GTA%205%20Tools) | 1.0.0 | ❌ | ✅ | 7️/10 | This Project will no longer be updated and support will not be given | 
| [Local Network PC Status](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Local%20Network%20Computer%20Status) | 1.0.0 | ✅ | ✅ | 6/10 |
| [Hexadecimal Tool](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Hexadecimal%20Tool) | 1.0.0 | ✅ | ✅ | 8/10 | 
| [Router Info (Custom Command)](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Router-Info) | 1.0.1 | ✅ | ❌ | 10/10 |
| [Discord-Message-Sender](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Discord-Message-Sender) | 2.0 | :x: | ❌ | 10/10 |
| [Audio RC](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Audio%20RC) | 1.0 | ✅ | ✅ | 3/10 | Turns that this is not as stable as i thought |
| [Advanced Embeds](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Advanced%20Embeds) __(Based on project Discord-Message-Sender)__ | 1.2 | ✅ | ✅ | 8/10 | This is a pre version so i'd rate it 8/10, please report every bug |
| [Json Parser](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/JsonParse) | 1.0 | ✅ | :x: | | Very small code which provides High-End Working chances | 
- **Stable Leveling:** The Rank for each project from 1/10 for being stable

#### 📬 For any questions, Support or bug fixes feel free to join my discord server 
> <a href="https://discord.gg/4TBWJa9dWC" rel="Discord Server">![Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/921795177939603478.svg?label=Discord&amp;colorB=7289DA)</a>

Commit message:

SSH-Client-Manager Version 1.0 | Official Release

README.md, after:

## Batch Projects 
**💡 All of my small Batch Projects can be found here and each one of them has its own instraction manual**
- 🔑 All Projects are open source so you can watch the source and trust the software.

### 📚 Project Status:

|🎦 Project | Latest | Maintained | BETA | Stable Leveling | Stable Description |
|--|--|--|--|--|--|
| [GTA 5 Tools](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/GTA%205%20Tools) | 1.0 | ❌ | :x: | 7️/10 | This Project will no longer be updated and support will not be given |
| [Local Network PC Status](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Local%20Network%20Computer%20Status) | 1.0 | :x: | :x: | 6/10 |
| [Discord-Message-Sender](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Discord-Message-Sender) | 2.0 | :x: | ❌ | 9/10 |
| [Advanced Embeds](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Advanced%20Embeds) __(Based on project Discord-Message-Sender)__ | 1.2 | :x: | :x: | 1/10 | Not Stable at all - not recommended to use |
| [Router Info (Custom Command)](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Router-Info) | 1.0.1 | ✅ | ❌ | 10/10 |
| [Json Parser](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/JsonParse) | 1.0 | ✅ | :x: | 9/10 | Very small code which provides High-End Working chances |
| [Hexadecimal Tool](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Hexadecimal%20Tool) | 1.0.0 | ✅ | ✅ | 8/10 | 
| [Audio RC](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/Audio%20RC) | 1.0 | ✅ | ✅ | 3/10 | This Project is currently being moved to [agamsol/Audio-RC](https://github.com/agamsol/Audio-RC) |
| [SSH-Client-Manager](https://github.com/agamsol/Batch-Projects/tree/main/SSH-Client-Manager) | 1.0 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 7/10 | Small script which provides High-End Working chances |

- **Stable Leveling:** The Rank for each project from 1/10 for being stable

#### Contact information and support 📚
> Feel free to contact me in discord, <span style="color:#7289DA">Agam#0001</span>

> Im also available in the [r/batch discord server](https://discord.gg/gPMcxXZjkb). **(you can and should ping me there)**

### 💲 Donations
I highly appreciate donors who send money,
a few bucks can make someone's day even better!
><a href="https://www.paypal.me/agamsolomon0011" rel="paypal donations">![donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Paypal-brightgreen.svg)</a>

##### **:warning: Please note that we follow the No-Refunds policy**
